Queen Marika the Eternal
Queen Marika the Eternal is the central character in the world of Elden Ring. She is the divine ruler of the Lands Between and the current vessel of the Elden Ring, a god in truth. She grew the towering Erdtree, concealed the Realm of Shadow, and established the Golden Order. By the time of the game's events, she has long vanished from public view, though her influence persists through the Grace of Gold. Her Demigod offspring became shardbearers when they claimed Great Runes that dispersed when she shattered the Elden Ring.

Characteristics
Queen Marika was a tall Numen woman with fair skin and long, flowing golden hair gathered into two uneven braids, the right being longer. She typically wore a circlet, gold armbands, gold serpentine bracelets, and either a black dress or a robe patterned with golden floral motifs. Often depicted in cruciform poses with her head bowed, she simultaneously evoked divinity, fragility, regality, and martyrdom.

In the present era, her body appears as a stone-like, petrified husk, fractured and cracked like broken porcelain. She is shackled and suspended on a great Rune Arc with a red needle-like shard piercing her abdomen like a spear. During the final confrontation, her body transforms into Radagon of the Golden Order before the Elden Beast reveals itself. Following the player's victory, she ultimately reverts to a fractured, statuesque form.

Marika's Rune
Marika's Rune was the official seal of Queen Marika, used by her to control vassals, bestow grace, and seal away threats to her power.
Bearing a close resemblance to the Rune of Death, Marika's Rune is a Y-shaped Elden Rune with an upward crescent resembling the lower arc of the Elden Ring, believed to be the basin in which its blessing pool. Its shape parallels Marika's crucified form within the Erdtree. Variations of the Rune recur throughout the Lands Between, such as the Effigies of the Martyr, statues found in churches of Marika, and the numerous crosses found throughout Limgrave and Dominula, Windmill Village.

Background
Marika came from the Shaman Village in the Scaduview. Her people had an affinity for trees and flesh that melded harmoniously with that of others. The hornsent tortured and sliced up shamans before stuffing them into the jars to be reborn as saints. The Two Fingers recognized Marika as an Empyrean and bestowed her a shadowbound beast in the form of her half-brother, Maliketh faithful follower, incapable of treachery. At some point during this period, Marika took the warrior Hoarah Loux as her consort, who later vowed to become Godfrey, her first Elden Lord Through seduction and betrayal, she ascended to godhood at the Gate of Divinity atop the tower of Enir-Ilim, and became the vessel for the Elden Ring. This affair led to the birth of the Erdtree and Scadutree, and was considered a betrayal by the Hornsent. The Scadutree veiled the land of shadow upon its creation.

Age of the Erdtree
In the early days, everything was in opposition to the Erdtree. With Godfrey’s aid, Marika waged a War Against the Giants atop the frigid northern mountains, where dwelled the Flame of Ruin capable of burning the Erdtree. Ultimately victorious, Marika was believed to have slain the Fell God of the Fire Giants. Upon learning that the Flame of Ruin would never die, however, she cursed the last of the giants to tend to it for eternity. Marika declared the path to the mountains as Forbidden Lands and excised details of the war from history.