Radagon of the Golden Order
Radagon of the Golden Order is a boss in Elden Ring. He is encountered inside the Erdtree in Leyndell, Ashen Capital, and is the first half of the final boss fight, with the Elden Beast as the second half.

Liurnian Wars and Marriage to Queen Rennala
Radagon first rose to prominence during the Liurnian Wars, when he joined the heroes' ranks. A great champion with flowing red locks, he arrived in Liurnia at the head of a golden host, where he met Queen Rennala in battle. Although two wars would be fought between them, the First and Second Liurnian Wars, no victor would emerge from either. Radagon eventually repented his territorial aggressions by cleansing himself with Celestial Dew, and swore his love to Rennala. He became husband to the Carian Queen, wedding her at the Church of Vows. Rennala bequeathed him a greatsword, bestowed by a Carian queen upon her spouse to honor long-standing tradition. After entering into marriage with Rennala and joining the Carian line, he ordered the Carian magic preceptors to don masks of confidence, to make it clear that all of their matters were to be kept strictly private.

Marriage to Queen Marika
A sculptor from Leyndell was commissioned to create a statue of Radagon. In doing so, he discovered a secret - that Radagon is Marika. This secret was hidden within the statue, and is revealed by casting Law of Regression in front of it, causing the statue's form to change from Radagon to Marika.
Radagon and Marika had a twin daughter and son: Malenia and Miquella. As they were born of a single god, they were both Empyreans, but were born afflicted: Malenia with a rotting sickness and Miquella with eternal childhood.

The Shattering
Following the Night of Black Knives, Marika shattered the Elden Ring, breaking the Golden Order. Radagon, on the other hand, remained loyal to the Golden Order, and attempted to repair the Elden Ring with the same hammer used to shatter it. As punishment, Marika was imprisoned inside the Erdtree. While Radagon had opposed Marika's treachery, he would share Marika's sentence, as the two were now bound in a single body.

Boss Fight
Radagon is the first of two enemies that compose the final boss fight of Elden Ring, with the Elden Beast being the second. Players will have to fight Radagon again if they die to the Elden Beast.